# M2Project
PCWIZRD A POINT OF SALE SYSTEM USED TO MANAGE THE SALE OF NEW AND USED LAPTOPS PLUS ACCESSORRIES, THE SYSTEM WILL ALSO BE USED TO CAPTURE CLIENT INFO AND PRODUCT INFO
BROUGHT IN TO THE COMPANY FOR REPAIRS BY IT TECHNIANS.
WE HAVE THE FOLLOWING SCREENS ON THE SYSTEM.
1) LOGIN SCREEN  -- --> USED TO AUTHETHICATE ADMINS AND MANAGERS WITH THE RELAVENT ACCESS PERMISSIONS.
2)CONTAINER SCREEN ---> USED AS THE MAIN MENU OF THE SYSTEM, HAVE BUTTONS CONTROLS USED TO NAVIGATE THROUGH THE SYSTEM, THE MENU ALSO CONSIST OF A PANEL WHICH IS USED
                        AS THE MENU NAVIGATION CONTAINER FOR OTHER SCREENS/FORMS TO DISPLAY.
3)HOME SCREEN/FORM -> USED TO PROCESS THE SALES OF ITEMS. HOW TO NAVIGATE BACK TO THIS FORM FROM ANOTHER FORM IN THE SYSTEM PRESS THE PC ICON ON THE TOP LEFT OF THE MENU.
4)REPAIR SCREEN/FORM ---> USED TO CAPTURE CLIENT INFO AND PRODUCT INFO BROUGHT IN FOR REPAIRS.
5)REPAIRPAY SSCREEN ----> USED TO DISPLAY THE CLIENT INFO WITH THEIR RESPECTIVE PRODUCT IN STORED IN THE DATABASE TO EASILY PROCESS PAYMENT OF ITEMS BROUGHT IN FOR REPAIRS.
6)PAYMENT SCREEN -------> USED TO PROCESS BOTH THE SALE OF A PRODUCT AND THE PAYMENT OF A RENDERD SERVICE.
7)INVENTORY SCREEN -----> USED TO CAPTURE NEW INVENTORY ITEM INFO TO THE SYSTEM, UPDATE INVENTORY INFORMATION AND DELETE ANY INVENTORY FROM THE SYSTEM.
8)EMPLOYEEE SCREEN -----> USED TO CAPTURE NEW HIRE INFO, UPDATE EMPLOYEE INFO AND DELETING AN EMPLOYEE(MANAGER ONLY CAN DO THIS).
9)REPORTS SCREEN -------> USED TO DISPLAY REPORTS GENERATED BY THE SYSTEM(MANAGER ONLY CAN VIEW THIS).





DATABASES IN A MODELS DIRECTORY THERE ARE CLASSES DEFINING THE SYSTEM'S DATABASE SCHEMAS AND THIER ASSOOCIATIONS.
SCHEMA CLASSES -:
ACCOUNTS
EMPLOYEEES
CUSTOMERS
INVENTORIES
SALES
SALESITEMS
REPAIRS
REPAIRLISTS
PAYMENTS

HAPPY CODING GEEKS......
